Okay, you guys.
Thanks, Tori.
Yeah, thank you.
Sorry for being late.
Thanks for waiting for me.
Hi, everyone.
I'm Tori.
Welcome to my talk.
It used to be what 350,000 users taught me,
but hell yeah.
Now it's 400,000.
Holy crap.
What I'm hoping to do today, and I'm hoping
it's going to be useful, is just distill some of
my learnings and reads Nye's learnings from this
past year and package them up here for you today with the
hopes that you don't make the same mistakes that we made
.
And oh, how do I get over there?
Oh, there we are.
Wait, sorry, you guys.
Hold on a second.
My mouse is, there she is.
Was I over there?
Yeah, and that's on me.
But also with the caveat that we could be completely wrong about
the things that we're suggesting, so do what's right
for you, okay?
So this is the Skylight Squad.
This is Reed and I, and we built Skylight Social
.
Skylight is a video Instagram-y style app on the
protocol.
We started building last year in January 2025, right before the
big TikTok ban.
We launched in April and, like I said, have since
grown to over 400,000 organic downloads, no paid ads
, insane.
And that's Skylight right there on your guys' right
.
Oh, she's beautiful.
Oh, and there's transitions on this.
Woo, okay.
So with the help of my co-founder, Reed,
I've kind of distilled my learnings into these three
main pillars, which hopefully will help organize this thing.
Prove yourself wrong.
We win together and share your story.
So prove yourself wrong.
Right now, a lot of you are builders, so you
probably, like we did, have a hypothesis of what you
think users want.
And your new North Star is to try and test whether that
hypothesis is right.
Not to build every feature, not to fix every bug.
God knows we still have bugs in Skylight, but get
as quickly as possible to the answer to this question, I
think.
Hot tip.
The first thing you build is almost certainly the wrong thing.
This doesn't mean your insight was wrong.
This just means that maybe the solution that you built, users
don't actually want to use it.
Our first version of Skylight, over 10,000 people
entered, and all of them left.
Not ideal.
I don't recommend.
Makes you sad on the inside.
In fact, we've made at least three versions of Sky
light's interface.
We even dabbled in a horizontal swiping interface.
Again, spoiler alert, that absolutely did not work.
And people literally hated it.
The comment you see here, yeah, there was a lot
of them.
People on the internet are sometimes mean.
Be nice to me in my comments, you guys, okay
?
But don't crash out if your first version doesn't work
.
I think we all have a couple of shots at bat.
The first couple people who see this, you know there's
7 billion, wait, maybe 8 billion people in the world
, you have some opportunity to try again.
And ironically, our best version of Skylight wasn't the
one that users asked for.
And on social, it often isn't.
So see what they say with their feet and with their,
you know, the time they spend on your platform.
And to that end, I highly recommend PostHog for
Analytics.
This really saved us.
Again, people will tell you with their actions whether or not
they're enjoying what you build.
Warning, don't use Analytics to convince yourself it's working
.
You're not trying to get retention from 3.
2% to 3.
4%, especially in the beginning.
Yeah, try not to chase these numbers.
Just use it as a gut check.
Our user is liking what you made.
This was really helpful for us.
They have a, PostHog has a free startup program
.
I know some, a lot of people here, when I
've told them about this, they're like, oh,
I built my own analytics.
And I'm like, wow, you're a badass.
But yeah, we really were thankful for that when we got
hit with a fat bill.
Woke up freaking out and then got an email like,
hey, you should really join the startup program.
We're like, oh, wait, that would be really
great.
Yeah.
Okay.
Pillar number two, we are in this together.
The people in this room, the people at this conference,
they are going to be your greatest strength.
I know that they were ours.
And I truly believe that our communal collaboration is going to make
or break the things that we build.
Hot shout out to these five folks.
And gosh, honestly, a ton of people.
They have talked me off the ledge.
They have physically come into my code base and written things.
We have collaborated with them.
Some of the things that they have built now exist inside of
Skylight, making it better.
Yeah.
Black Sky, Graze, Stream Place, Germ.
I just can't thank these guys enough.
And that's Jimmy.
He lets us use his space.
Yeah.
So talk with the people here.
Try and get a group together so that when you're inevitably
crashing out in the middle of the night, you have someone
to call.
This is a big one for us.
The app protocol is a resource.
I highly recommend using it.
The way that we chose to use it was to utilize Blue
Sky's lexicon so that a Skylight post is
the same as a Blue Sky post.
And this was very intentional on our part because we wanted people
who stepped into Skylight to not have that feeling of emptiness
in a social network.
And I'm not saying that this is right for everyone to
do.
I'm just saying that there are some ways that we can
leverage distribution, the tools that exist.
And I think you should.
That's why it exists.
That's what kind of makes us better than all those other
sucky platforms.
Use it if you can.
And if you, what is it called?
If you want to brainstorm on how you might be able to
leverage what exists in the protocol to make it easier to market
your thing, I honestly wouldn't even, I mean,
you can come talk to me, but I would highly recommend
talking to my co-founder, Reed.
I swear this is like his bread and butter.
He's really good at thinking about how you can get your
idea in front of more faces or like utilize what exists for
people to see what you're building.
Most folks won't get it first that we are actively working
together.
This is something I constantly have to explain to people.
I had an advisor emailing me, kind of freaking out
.
They're like, what are you going to do about divine
?
And I remember I was like laughing.
I was like, cheer them on.
That's so cool what Rabble is doing.
I'm so freaking excited that we now, all of us
have access to Vine's old videos.
I mean, I had to remind my advisor, this is
open social.
This is the whole point of what we're doing.
I on Skylight now have direct access to showcasing Vine
's videos.
And it's not just because, you know, Divine exists
.
Like Rabble legitimately built a tool to make it easier for
us to port over those videos.
And that's what open social is all about.
Yeah.
So I really, really hope, you know, he gets
out there and he kills it.
And he already is.
And I hope that for everyone who's building on this protocol
, because we have really big fish to fry.
And it's almost certainly not each other.
There are a ton of badasses in this space.
Find them, collaborate with them, cheer them on.
Because if they take down the monster in the room, then
we all get to win, right?
Okay.
And that's his real yacht, by the way.
Shout out to Marky Mark.
Okay.
Tell your story.
Marketing is absolutely a part of what you're building.
Storytelling is a part of what you will have to
do.
We want folks using these things.
So we have to make sure we build community around them.
And I know you guys know that.
Building in public really worked well for us.
If you're up for it, obviously can't recommend short
form video more.
Make sure to post it on Skylight.
We made a video before we ever wrote a line of code
.
And maybe your medium isn't video, but highly recommend trying
to figure it out.
And to that point, if you find a format that works
, then roll that thing until the cows come home.
You see this video?
I have made this style of video where I point at these
guys who suck so many times.
I've gotten over a million views with this style of video
.
It took me a lot of different tries to find this format
But if you try something that works, stick to it.
And yes, we have to show up where people are.
Yes, I am on these platforms.
And yes, I am telling the people on these platforms about
OpenSocial and telling them to get over here.
And please join me.
Don't leave me alone.
I want to be able to tag the things that you built
on these platforms when I inevitably make a video about them.
Okay?
So join me over here.
I know that's shocking to say at an OpenSocial
conference.
But some language that helped us.
Decentralized, never work.
Never say the word app protocol, unfortunately.
OpenSocial.
Emphasizing creator ownership.
That did work.
Please put your app logo on the internet.
So when I make a video about you, I know I
can have access to your logo.
Not just on your blue sky page.
Okay?
Because it's really hard to screenshot those.
That's a personal request by me.
Okay.
That's it.
Thanks, you guys.
Woo!